1. What happens when a user enters a URL into the browser?
    * The URL must first be parsed into each of its parts, including but not limited to the domain, port, document, URI, and fragment.  Most URLs the user types in is them requesting a specific page. So a GET request is sent to that server. The http request has a head, a blank line, and an optional body. The first header line is the request line and consists of the HTTP method/verb, then the URI, then the protocol. So something like `GET /about HTTP/1.1`. The only required header field is `Server:` so that it's known where the request is being sent to. There are other headers like `Content-type:`, `Content-length:`, and custom ones that start with `X-`. A socket is created to connect the client and server. The socket consists of 4 parts: dst-ip, dst-port, src-ip, src-port. The browser client has to know what server (domain) to send the request to so it does a DNS lookup on the domain name to get the ip address of the server. A 3 way handshake is done to establish connection between client and server. If the user is using https then they need to establish a TLS connection. This is done by exchanging certs, keys, ciphers, etc. After the server gets the request, it needs to do some processing before it sends a response back. It only reads the request line at first. It then executes any input filters. The server determines the filename of the requested document and runs the appropriate handler based off the file type. It then executes any output filters and writes the http response to the socket. The response consists of the header, a blank line, and the body. The first line of the head is the response line and consists of the protocol, the status code, and the status message. E.g: `HTTP/1.1 200 OK`. The body or payload has the information/document requested by the client. That response payload is sent back to the client. They receive it and unpackage it in a human readable format. Before the client sends the request, the web server needs to already be listening on that port. 